# WHAT IS A MODULE?
- Python has a way to put definitions in a file and use them in a script or in an interactive instance of the interpreter.
- A module is a file containing Python definitions and statements. The file name is the module name with the suffix .py appended.
A module can contain executable statements as well as function definitions. These statements are intended to initialize the module. They are executed only the first time the module name is encountered in an import statement. 1 (They are also run if the file is executed as a script.)

- Each module has its own private namespace, which is used as the global namespace by all functions defined in the module. Thus, the author of a module can use global variables in the module without worrying about accidental clashes with a user’s global variables. On the other hand, if you know what you are doing you can touch a module’s global variables with the same notation used to refer to its functions, modname.itemname.

- Modules can import other modules. It is customary but not required to place all import statements at the beginning of a module (or script, for that matter). The imported module names, if placed at the top level of a module (outside any functions or classes), are added to the module’s global namespace.

- There is a variant of the import statement that imports names from a module directly into the importing module’s namespace. After initialization, Python programs can modify sys.path. The directory containing the script being run is placed at the beginning of the search path, ahead of the standard library path. This means that scripts in that directory will be loaded instead of modules of the same name in the library directory. This is an error unless the replacement is intended. See section Standard Modules for more information.
-  “Compiled” Python files
To speed up loading modules, Python caches the compiled version of each module in the __pycache__ directory under the name module.version.pyc, where the version encodes the format of the compiled file; it generally contains the Python version number. For example, in CPython release 3.3 the compiled version of spam.py would be cached as __pycache__/spam.cpython-33.pyc. This naming convention allows compiled modules from different releases and different versions of Python to coexist.
- Python checks the modification date of the source against the compiled version to see if it’s out of date and needs to be recompiled. This is a completely automatic process. Also, the compiled modules are platform-independent, so the same library can be shared among systems with different architectures.

Python does not check the cache in two circumstances. First, it always recompiles and does not store the result for the module that’s loaded directly from the command line. Second, it does not check the cache if there is no source module. To support a non-source (compiled only) distribution, the compiled module must be in the source directory, and there must not be a source module.
